profile list instructions (#1098)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: doc/source/user-environment.rst

  which will persist across sessions.

.. multiple-profiles:

Using multiple profiles to let users select their environment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can create configurations for multiple user environments,
and let users select from them once they log in to your JupyterHub. This
is done by creating multiple **profiles**, each of which is attached to a set
of configuration options that override your JupyterHub's default configuration
(specified in your Helm Chart). This can be used to let users choose among many
Docker images, to select the hardware on which they want their jobs to run,
or to configure default interfaces such as Jupyter Lab vs. RStudio.

Each configuration is a set of options for `Kubespawner <https://github.com/jupyterhub/kubespawner>`_,
which defines how Kubernetes should launch a new user server pod. Any
configuration options passed to the `profileList` configuration will
overwrite the defaults in Kubespawner (or any configuration you've
added elsewhere in your helm chart).

> Profiles are stored under ``singluser: profileList:``, and are defined as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Profiles are stored under ``singluser.profileList``, and are defined as
```

         # Defines the default profile - only use for one profile
         default: true

The above configuration will show a screen with information about this profile
displayed when users start a new server.

Here's an example with two profiles that lets users select the environment they
wish to use.

.. code-block:: yaml

   singleuser:
     # Defines the default image
     image:
       name: jupyter/minimal-notebook
       tag: 2343e33dec46
     profileList:
       - display_name: "Minimal environment"
         description: "To avoid too much bells and whistles: Python."
         default: true
       - display_name: "Datascience environment"
         description: "If you want the additional bells and whistles: Python, R, and Julia."
         kubespawner_override:
           image: jupyter/datascience-notebook:2343e33dec46
       - display_name: "Spark environment"
         description: "The Jupyter Stacks spark image!"
         kubespawner_override:
           image: jupyter/all-spark-notebook:2343e33dec46

This allows users to select from three profiles, each with their own
environment (defined by each Docker image in the configuration above). This is

> equivalent to the following configuration using `extraCongig` to directly define

Reviewer: ```suggestion
equivalent to the following configuration using `hub.extraConfig` to directly define
```

configuration for KubeSpawner:

.. code-block:: yaml

   singleuser:
     image:
       name: jupyter/minimal-notebook
       tag: 2343e33dec46
   hub:

>      extraConfig: |

Reviewer: While it is still supported to write a string directly to `hub.extraConfig`,  tend to do it like this instead now days. I avoid some warnings about conversion etc. that bugged me as the default value of `hub.extraConfig` is a `{}` and overwriting a dict with a string results in a warning if I recall correctly.

```yaml
hub:
  extraConfig:
    myProfiles: |
      ...
```

@minrk / @yuvipanda got input on this? Examplify with dict or string?

Author: I'm happy with whatever you all think is the best practice to recommend to people (we could also remove this section if we're confident that the passthrough works now)
